We highly recomend taking advantage of Paradoxes awesome modular modsystem too tailor your own game experince. 

Compatible mods we highly recomend giving a go(please check the mods themselves for current compability of versions. Version changes/updates can take a lot of time and compabilty might therefor not match 100% with this list at the time of reading):

Armories ARKO Pack by Arko. A wonderfully versatile coa mod, adding dynastic, entity and random coa(if you are playing in or near the islamic part of the the map, you got to run this mod^^) 

Project Balance by Meneth. Get your historical balance fix with Meneth's minimalistic yet extremely comprehensive balance tuning.

Vanilla Immersion, Events, and Traits by cybrxkhan. Events and flavour extravaganza.
The Imersion module is not yet compatible(could be soon though so keep an eye on it^^), but the others should work seamlesly 

Culturally different province icons by Vipe1. Finding vanilla to bland? then Vipe1 got a tasty way of spiceing up your holdings.

Jure uxuris by Damocles. Your titled wife don't know whats good for her? Then there might be ways of dealing with it....

High res Mountain Mod by Fishman786 Getting slightly nauseous by those mountains? Then Fishman786 got a nice cure for you.

Better looking Garbs by Pnutmaster. Because apperence matters.

Compatch of chatnoir17's Köppen Climate Classification for CK2 and SWMH 2.811 by Vipe1. Too hot or too cold?

Additional Objectives 2.0 by ZachPruckowski.

Culturally different citites by Velho e Bom Joe. Expand your archetectural horizon.

Syren's Nicknames.You've guessed it^^

#### Usually compatible mods that haven't been updated to latest CK2 patch yet or for other reason isn't compatible right now.

NBRT+ by EOOQE. Grapichal enhancment for the map connoisseur. Do your eyes a favor and let EOOQE's border and texture magic give them a respite.
Currently no longer available on the Forum :(, hopefully we will get a second chance to see EOOQE deploy his unique graphical skills one day.

DEIOU by Evander. Fancy a bigger map? then Evanders beautiful DEIOU could be just what you have been looking for.
The compatible version is not currently updated for the latest version of SWMH.

Lupus Agnum by Maestro Ugo. War!
Not currently updated for 1.101

Friends & Foes by ash001
You will need the light version(that isn't available yet)
Not currently updated for 1.101

New Duelengine by Jordarkelf.
Not currently updated for 1.101

No more random heresies by jordarkelf.
Not currently updated for 1.101.

Dungeon and Sieges by Waylit 
Not currently updated for 1.101.

{ MOD } Zulu Invasion by Neondt

XYLO-kit(treeeeeeeeeeesss) and REC (shineeeeeeeeey things) both can be found in Arko's minimod corner.
Not currently updated for 1.101. 

